Arrange an Internal Meetup Checklist (#51)
atolye15/checklist: checklists/arrange-an-internal-meetup.md

---
title: Arrange an Internal Meetup
category: General

> date: "2020-02-14"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: "2020-03-11"
```

tags: ['meetup']
description: Steps before arranging an internal meetup
---

- [ ] Ask people for the topic  

> If you don't have a topic in your mind ask people for one. They may willing to listen a specific topic from you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a topic in your mind ask people for one. They might want to listen a specific topic from you.
```

- [ ] Talk with project management for a free time slot  

> Decide a time slot and ask to project management if it is ok.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Talk with project management team for a free time slot  
Decide a time slot and ask to project management team if it is ok.
```
